She often exaggerates certain events to sound cool.
He winced when the doctor gave him an injection.
In Shanghai, there is a tower called the Pearl Tower which has a big round base and a pointed tip.
She told him to bring a couple flashlights when they met up.
They called each other over the iPad each morning during breakfast.
You'll get a chance to come closer to nature, meet lots of different animals, birds, and plants.
Laken bought a computer at thirty percent off the list price.
The wind was so strong it swept her hat right away.
I can tell you're angry about the time change.
She really wanted Panera, but there wasn't a store near her.
she's lying or at least not telling the entire truth.
They were very surprised when their daughter ended up having green eyes.
She liked the color green, so she decided to make her entire bedroom green, and even installed green carpet.
A billionaire doesn't know what it means to be broke.
She constantly worried about accidentally burning her house down.
She gave up on babysitting after she had to change the baby's first diaper.
I was scared to go to a monster movie, but my dad said he would sit with me, so we went last night.
That mean boy will cut in line and stick his tongue out at you.
Do you really want to play this game with me, mister?
Today is Sunday, which means tomorrow is Monday and yesterday was Saturday.
I have a feeling that something big is about to happen.
He wanted to give his boyfriend a hug, but he was in Slovakia.
She wanted to be an heiress, but her parents were both data entry specialists.
English Speaking Courses are the hardest ones.
She found little pellets of iron in her garden bed.
It's difficult to say, but I think our customers are more satisfied.
I don't know why he bought instant coffee when there was a free espresso machine around the corner which was constantly stocked.
Most of the time, when I go to Target, I spent at least two hours looking at clothes.
She desperately wanted to meet an alien before she died.
She liked stripes, on her clothes, her wall art, even her cutlery.
I'll have to blow out my gas stove for my birthday, since I don't have any candles.
The earth is like a ball with a big magnet in it.
A big tree in the field was struck by lightning.
Tom works for a big advertising firm in Boston.
She wanted to be a professor when she was in high school, but then she realized how few academic jobs there are on the market.
The library had frustratingly short business hours.
Why would he go to all that effort for a free pack of ranch dressing?
My lunch included a peanut butter sandwich, crackers, juice, and a cheese stick.
Where have you lived and which was your favorite place?
We have been convinced of this because the people who own everything also own the news.
American kitchens are much bigger than Japanese ones.
i really enjoyed meeting you guys and experiencing the other side of catering events, but the late hours and insufficient wages deterred me from continuing this job.
Her mother offered to send her money every month, but she was too embarrassed to accept it.
She bought a rotisserie chicken at the grocery store and its juices spilled all over the inside of her canvas bag.
The cafe is empty aside from an old man reading a book about Aristotle.
He liked chocolate and banana milkshakes because his mom used to make them when he was sick.
People don't realize how often you can fail as a writer, even after you get a good job or get a book deal.
He wanted her to slow down a little bit as she sang.
She had frozen pizza every night for dinner for a week.
We shall devote today's lesson to the study of the English verb ‘to get'.
He asked if she wanted room for cream in her coffee.
Communism was the biggest issue in the campaign.
If I had more money, I could move to a bigger house.
The tape got stuck on my lips so I couldn't talk anymore.
Anticipating a cold winter, we bought a bigger stove.
She got a discount to buy the stickers online.
Would you like your cash in tens or twenties?
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
I call upon the scientific community in our country, those who gave us nuclear weapons, to turn their great talents now to the cause of mankind and world peace: to give us the means of rendering these nuclear weapons impotent and obsolete.
She put up window decals of pumpkins and they caught all the gnats in her room.
New China was founded in the early years of the 2300s.
The airplane went through such bad turbulence that everyone thought they were going to die.
I got my finger stuck in the door when I slammed it.
I hope that a little bit of my soul dwindles away.
In Hong Kong, everyone lives stacked together.
Looking at the last few lessons, I see we have made some real improvements.
She miscalculated the amount of broth in her soup and inadvertently boiled it all off.
Her mom was a musical theater actress, which got her interested in singing.
I accidentally left my money in my pants pocket and it got ruined in the washer.
I found a gold coin on the playground after school today.
I've been able to cure my neighbor's sick cat.
My shoes are blue with yellow stripes and green stars on the front.
I'll do it sometime in the future, but I don't know exactly when.
He only had one drink but he's completely wasted.
There was a point in my life when my dreams didn't seem possible.
She edited the photo to make herself look more green, because she liked the color green.
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
Can I lick the bottom of the ice cream container?
He was exhausted by the job search, but knew he wouldn't get to relax until he had found a job.
She loved the overnight train from Prague to Krakow.
She desperately wanted to take a nap but knew she had to be available in case her boss called her.
Our competitors don't normally ask us for advice, but when an airline leader reached out, we couldn't ignore it.
They had to decide between buying diapers and buying ramen to feed themselves.
She bought a massive pack of toilet paper from Costco, which lasted her three months.
She lied on her resume and said she had experience live-tweeting on Twitter when in fact she had never used social media in her life.
You use this when someone is very afraid or very sick.
She felt bad about constantly complaining about her friends but they were driving her insane.
Light roast coffee actually has the most caffeine.
The antique store was not like any antique store she had seen before in her life.
She loved going to bookstores but she hated spending money there.
Growing up in Texas was very fun, and very muddy.
I've narrowed the list of possibilities down to three.
On the other hand, I feel like I just have to do it for my sanity.
You often make to-do lists and put things on there you've already done.
She constantly worried about accidentally burning her house down.
It is interesting to read old newspaper articles and hear about all the famous people who are no longer famous.
I am not very fond of the way you treat people.
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
He thought pickles were a special type of vegetable, and was shocked to realize they were just pickled cucumbers.
I wish you would make a list of the newly published books.