I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won't suit me.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
I'm a living furnace.
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
Not all people who wander are lost.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
A song can make or ruin a person's day if they let it get to them.
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
The book is in front of the table.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
With the high wind warning
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
There's a message for you if you look up.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
We have a lot of rain in June.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
Love is not like pizza.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
The lake is a long way from here.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.
She was disgusted he couldn't tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
It took him a month to finish the meal.